Remove uri arg from assertion (#52)
fair-workflows/nanopub: README.md

print(np.introduces_concept)
```

### Specifying concepts relative to the nanopublication namespace
You can optionally specify that the ```Publication``` introduces a particular concept using blank nodes. 
The pubinfo graph will note that this nanopub npx:introduces the concept. The concept should be a blank node 
(rdflib.term.BNode), and is converted to a URI derived from the nanopub's URI with a fragment (#) made from the blank
node's name.
```python
from rdflib.term import BNode
publication = Publication.from_assertion(assertion_rdf=my_assertion,
                                         introduces_concept=BNode('timbernerslee'))
```
Upon publication, any blank nodes in the rdf graph are replaced with the nanopub's URI, with the blank node name as a
fragment. For example, if the blank node is called 'step', that would result in a URI composed of the nanopub's (base)
URI, followed by #step. In case you are basing your publication on rdf that has a lot of concepts specific to this 
nanopublication that are not blank nodes you could use `replace_in_rdf` to easily replace them with blank nodes:
```python
from nanopub import replace_in_rdf

> replace_in_rdf(rdf=my_assertion, oldvalue=URIRef('www.example.org/timbernerslee'), newvalue=BNode('timbernerslee'))

Reviewer: This is fine, but I'm wondering if we should instead return a new rdf graph instead of modifying this one in-place? I suppose users might not always want to modify their original graph. Then again, this is pretty minor, so we should just keep it like this unless/until a specific use case shows up. The documentation in the README looks good to me though.

Author: Yeah, that's a good point. I am neutral. The user can always do a copy themselves. So I will keep it like this for now.

``` 

### Specifying derived_from

> You can specify that the nanopub is derived from another nanopublication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify that the nanopub's assertion is derived from another URI (such as an existing nanopublication):
```

```python
publication = Publication.from_assertion(assertion_rdf=my_assertion,
                                         derived_from=rdflib.URIRef('www.example.org/another-nanopublication'))
```

> ,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that ```derived_from``` may also be passed a list of URIs.
```
